---
layout: blog
category: Blog
title: Travel hacks
description: Travel is one of those activities where small mistakes cascade into larger ones, and where simple preparations can make a huge impact on the quality of your travelling wellbeing.
---
Throughout my PhD, I have been travelling a considerably amount more than I have done before and I have (more times than not) had travels that did not go according to plan. I have been delayed or stranded in airports often and I have learned a thing or two about preparing for possible bad situations and how to optimize a travel day, and in general I have learned how to make travelling more easy and more comfortable for myself.


## General tips
General all-purpose transformer
New York and talk


Power and power banksi
Most european airports have 'power bars' where you can hang, but and many other airports you would have to seek any corner for a usable power outlet. Bring power - it sucks to be a foreign place with no map, no phone to call a cap, or even to look up that adress of the hotel that you forgot to write down on physical paper before you became powerless.

I always travel with my laptop and a USB charger for my phone so I can charge my phone with my laptop battery in an emergency.
A power bank can also be an option.

# Prepare for your travel

Print out any adresses and Google maps directions you may need ahead of time. If you'll take a taxi, this will make everything run a lot smoother which is what you need at the last 5 percentage of the travel.
Also: Print the directions in the language of the destination!

Scan impotant documents such as passports, driver license, or possible visa documents and save them to your devices and an online back-up. One is none - always have a backup

Pack a few snacks. Fruit can be an issues through security in different contries, so consider something individual packed.
It is a life-saver if you travel to a small train-station or airport where there might not be any stores or if they are closed for the night.
This is especially true when travelling with kids - travelling can be exhausting, especially for kids where there are many new - and some comfort food can help turning the experience into a positive one.

Bring an reuseable water bottle - it can save you a lot of headache and money.
If you are flying, keep it empty untill you are through security and then fill it up.

Have as few bags as possible! I usually travel with 2 bags at most: my back-pack and my caryy-on suitcase. 

Flying without the need of checked-in bags is a huge relief


## Exercising while on adventure

Travel can destroy a regular workout routine.


# 
Do not discard a train or subway ticket! Some system require you to submit the ticket to a machine when you get off.

Keep a designated pocket in your suitcase or bag to receipts if you plan to be reimbursed.

For me it is the outermost pocket on my carry-on suitcase as it has a ziplock and seems useless for most other purposes.
I also like to keep the printed travel documents in the same pocket for easy access.


# Clear plastic bags
Pack in bags 
Pack a handfull of clear 1L ziplock plastic bags in one of the inner pockets of your carry-on suitcase.
These bag
Wet or dirty clothes. 
They 

# Use a travel wallet
Do not carry all your cash or credit cards in the same place.



Use the hotel safe in case of emergencies.

# Consider noise-cancelling headphones



# Living in a hotel
Oats, fruits, protein bars or other dry snacks for when you are hungry and your jetlagged so your watch is not synchronised with the time zone you are in.  or if you are in a city where the stores are closed in Sundays (Germany) or if you are too tired. Tea.
I always when there is a electric kettle
If there is a small fridge (with no automatic weight-sensors for the mini-bar) you can also keep yoghurts, ...., or other things you 

This can be a cheap, quick breakfast or just a snack.


# Living in a airport when your flight is delayed
Have a physical relax. 

Download a bunch of podcasts/audio books to your devices before you leave your home-wifi.

Check your phone carrier and whether phone deal includes phone and or or wifi in outside your home country.
