---
title: "Week 18 -- Twenty Minute Summary Post"
date: 2025-05-02
category: twentyminsum
layout: blog
---
# Week 18
After a number of slightly hectic weeks, I will try to summarize my last month, briefly.

---
## Summary
`Project asterism`: I got frequencies from the targets using PBjam and cookiejam.
I have written and I have been putting it into the model, but I have been having some trouble getting it to work.
This is a priority for next week.

`PLATO`: I have worked a lot on improving the code for the PSM side, not much for the PDC.
One module works, but I need to apply my finding to the remainder. 
This is a priority for next week.

`pitchfork`: Submitted.

`gmork`: Resubmitted.

`cookiejam`: I developed the code and the code just works nicely on BlueBear.

`parkour`: Accepted and on arXiv.

`Percy`: Accepted and on arXiv.

`beyblade`: We have had a couple of meetings and I promised to look into how quickly we can produce our models.
This is a priority for next week.

`pastafork`: I attended a two-day workshop and did a lot of nice modelling work.

`estrella`: I modelled a handfull of nice stars for collaborators.

`BASTA`: I started a bigger rework of BASTA (mostly outside of work/ as a weekend project). It is almost done. It will lead to a poster from a collaborator to TASC and to a project I can be a bit more proud of. It was nice and fun to do - I have learned a lot about Python 3.9-3.12, dataclasses, type hinting, mypy and ruff.

`Teaching`:
- We held oral exams, marked their final reports, and had meetings moderating the mark.
- I will not teach in the upcoming semester.

`Postdoc rep`:
- I planned and arranged another Physics Postdoc Jamboree. It had about 40 attendees. I was a better chair this time: I had an introduction slide, I prepped the speakers before-hand, I had some questions planned prior to the event and we finished beautifly on time.
- I will not do another before, say, October at the earliest -- I have other stuff to do.

`admin`:
- I started visa extension application.

`Other`:
- I helped a student with some stellar properties for a target.
- I have helped others with job applications, abstract writings and paper writing over multiple sessions.
- It was Easter.

---

### Key things
- This month has been uncharacteristically hectic. I let go of all of my most useful planning practices (useful daily and weekly notes, this blog) because I felt busy and overwhelmed. 
It worked out, but I do not think that was the smartest choice and it goes to show that habits require energy to keep up.
- This is not the full list, but these are the things I kinda remember doing. 

### Challenges for next week
- Do fun work
- Write more
