---
title: "Week 4 -- Twenty Minute Summary Post"
date: 2025-01-23
category: twentyminsum
layout: blog
---
# Week 4
I am giving this summary work another shot, along with the new structure of the daily/weekly obsidian notes.

I still feel exhausted. I am running out of ways to treat it, other than `sleeping more` and `more sunshine`.
Maybe it is just January.

---
## Summary
`Project asterism`: I have changed the implementation of `population_alphaMLT` and `heliumenrichmentlaw` to a version where each only have two free parameters.
I have tested this MLM and the results look great!

I am concerned that if I give narrowly sample the hyperparameters, I do not recover them as neatly as I would like.
I am trying with more warm-up and if this does not work, I'll switch strategy.

I am yet to look at the surface correction. I'll prioritise it for next week.

`Project PBJAM2.0`: I am reading the draft and giving comments.

`Project Rogue and Hennes`: Referee report came back.

`Project emmas catalogue`: Referee report came back.

`PLATO`:
- Martin and I gave a talk on PLATO work in the UK Wednesday.

`Teaching`:
- I am teaching Tuesday and Thursday afternoon.
- This week there was no additional teaching things to do.
- I am supervising ~1 hour Tuesday and then helped out with debugging Tuesday afternoon for both students.

`Postdoc rep`:
- I had a meeting with Anjali and made a plan for upcoming events. She helped me with room bookings.
- I have send out a `Thank you for your survey feedback + Exciting news for 2025` to all postdocs with the summary of what to come.
- I have planed the February postdoc coffee and booked rooms/sent out invitations for the March Jamboree.

`Other`:
- I did SOC work this week.
- I helped other people with
	- Obsidian
	- lost files
	- references for the precision on stellar ages using different methods
	- gave input to a talk by giving them my take on what the biggest challenges in Galactic Archaeology are currently.
	- I planned a writing session and booked a room for it.

`Admin`:
- I cleaned my directories, my notes, and re-organised my work life. I am not done, but it is a work in progress.


---

### Key things
- In `asterism`, I am happy with the model now. I am still testing it and I am yet to implement the surface correction.
- I have done other things this week and teaching has taken up more of my time this week compared to last week.
- My inbox currently only contains one request/"to-do" email. That is a nice feeling.

### Challenges for next week
- Next week I would like to prioritise my work in `asterism`. I would like to write. I would like to implement the surface correction.
- I have open Monday, Wednesday and Friday next week. I am considering working from home one of those days.
