---
title: "Week 8 -- Twenty Minute Summary Post"
date: 2025-02-21
category: twentyminsum
layout: blog
---
# Week 8
This week has been difficult for me.
I have been feeling frustrated over not being further with the asterism project. 
And then this week also includes February 20 which is a difficult day for me.

However, progress was made and one of the big roadblocks got cleared.

---
## Summary
`Project asterism`: I found myself focusing on one thing, convinced it was the root to all my issues.
I needed help to realise that that was not the case. I set up new tests with a simpler model.
I also wrote a good chunk and actually found a solution to my initial issue after I let it go and focused on something else.

There is a lesson about remembering to ask for help and to keep an eye on the big picture in here.
I should probably keep that in mind going forward.

`PLATO`: I got answers to some of the specifics so now I need to finish setting up the modules.

`Teaching`:
- I am teaching Tuesday and Thursday afternoon.
- I supervised ~1 hour Tuesday and Friday.

`Postdoc rep`:
- None this week

`Admin`:
- I gave a tutorial on Git (and Obsidian),
- I helped with an annoying referee report
- I helped with some stellar models
- I helped with questions for an interview

---

### Key things
- I got reminded about my typical pitfalls when doing project management.
- I did clear my mental roadblock by letting it go and then solving it.
- Given it was a difficult week, I managed it pretty well.

### Challenges for next week
- I want to be done with all of these tests I have done multiple times now.
- There are seminars for the Y4 students next week.
- I will be travelling Friday. 
- I need to prepare for the Jamboree on the 3.
