---
title: "Week 6 -- Twenty Minute Summary Post"
date: 2025-02-07
category: twentyminsum
layout: blog
---
# Week 6
I am feeling tired but optimistic that next week will be good.

---
## Summary
`Project asterism`: I debugged the model as I when testing could never be close to finding the slope of the heliumenrichment law, which is kinda crucial.
I have cleaned the repository and I am running a test on the observed stars with the surface correction.
I have been writing a bit, but I want to do more next week.

`Project Percy`: Paper accepted with like the shortest referee report ever :)

`Project Reaction Rates`: Referee report came back with minor revision.

`Project gmork`: I rewrote a section and submitted my last comments on the draft.

`PLATO`: I updated `cookiecutter` for MSAP5\_11 and checked that the CI worked. I updated my laptop to Ubuntu 24, so I do need to update the Docker image to Python 3.12.
 
But before doing anything further I need to have clarification on: license for the work (MIT/LGPL/Apache?) and where is the up-to-date PSM code that I know Mark submitted pre-New years?

`Teaching`:
- I am teaching Tuesday and Thursday afternoon.
- I wrote general and indivial feedback for their handed-in worksheets.
- I supervised ~1 hour Tuesday.

`Postdoc rep`:
- I had post doc coffee Monday. It went surprisingly alright - two new postdocs were present and we had a fruitfull discussion.
- I sent out the general invite for the March Physics Postdoc Jamboree.

`Admin`:
- None

`Other`:
- I helped other people with references and inputs to presentations and introductions.

---

### Key things
- Slow progress but still progress
- Optimism

### Challenges for next week
- Finalise test with observations and surface correction.
- Write
