---
title: "Week 12 -- Twenty Minute Summary Post"
date: 2025-03-21
category: twentyminsum
layout: blog
---
# Week 12
I feel like I have been teaching and answering emails all week.

The Sun has been out -- it is finally spring time!

---
## Summary
`Project asterism`: I did some writing and structuring. 
Next week we will have an afternoon looking at the observables for this sample.

`PLATO`: I fixed one module, got a nice overview of what is left.
I need to add some tests but otherwise I am almost happy with where I am at.
I attended a big meeting Tuesday morning, which was nice.

`pitchfork`: I did a lot of reading, commenting and shaping.

`rogue&hennes`: I had multiple meetings to discuss a referee report.

`rockyrocks`: The shortest referee report came back and the paper was finally accepted later that day!

`gmork`: Paper submitted.

`Teaching`:
- I am teaching Tuesday and Thursday afternoon.
- I supervised ~1 hour Tuesday and answered emails.
- I read "Helping Doctoral Students Write: Pedagogies for supervision" by Prof. Pat Thomson and Prof. Barbara Kamler - I need to structure my notes on the book.

`Postdoc rep`:
- I booked rooms for upcoming events.
- I invited people for the next jamboree, however, some declined the offer and I had to invite more.

`admin`:
- I did some planning of future travel with the group.


---

### Key things
- I did many small things.
- I did do the key things I had planned for last week.
- I did nice things as a temp supervisor. I found my key areas that need to be improved going forward.


### Challenges for next week
- There is a PBJamming session Wednesday that I need to prep for.
- Next week is last week of the semester so I expect many 'urgent' things before Friday from people with deadlines.
