---
title: "Week 13 -- Twenty Minute Summary Post"
date: 2025-03-28
category: twentyminsum
layout: blog
---
# Week 13
Decent week with sunshine.

---
## Summary
`Project asterism`: I did some writing and structuring. 
I prepped for an afternoon session where we had a look at how to improve the usability.
I collected and wrote code for doing this easily for many stars.
This needs a bit of testing, but I think I can finish it Monday next week.

`PLATO`: I didn't get so many things done this week on the PLATO front.

`pitchfork`: I did some reading and commenting.

`roguehennes`: Accepted :)

`eagleescape`: I need to finish the run and send it.

`Teaching`:
- I was teaching Tuesday and Thursday afternoon, but it was the last week before their deadline so not much was required.
- I supervised ~1 hour Tuesday and answered a lot of emails prior to them submitting their reports Friday.

`Postdoc rep`:
- I invited people for the next jamboree - if this one accepts I have a full line-up.
- I met and chatted with some people.
- Some people asked for resources on `how to supervise, especially PhD students`. I asked around, collected some resources, but this also highlighted the need for a skill session on the topic.

`admin`:
- I did some planning of future travel with the group.
- My visa expires soon, so I got stuff started in order to extend it.

---

### Key things
- There were many urgent things this week. But I handled it alright.
- I got progress done.

### Challenges for next week
- Finish and run `cookiejam`.
- Finish `eagleescape`
- Write
- Help with getting a project in shape for sending it around to co-authors.
