---
title: "Week 14 -- Twenty Minute Summary Post"
date: 2025-04-04
category: twentyminsum
layout: blog
---
# Week 14
This has been a hectic week.
I think I must acknowledge that I this week have been working mostly as a facilitator for other people and as an examinor.

---
## Summary
`Project asterism`: I finished `cookiejam` and it works!
I am happy that I accomplished this. I am now running my 'best-case' targets through it.
Next week I will actually get to use it.

`PLATO`: I didn't do PLATO this week. I want to before the telecon next week.

`pitchfork`: I spent hours throughout the week reading, commenting, changing, and guiding.
The draft is currently sent around the co-authors a day before our internal deadline, which is nice.

`eagleescape`: I am finishing it today.

`beyblade`: Based on a request I have helped getting key dimensions that was thought not to have been included in the initial models.
 I spent time writing a script and reading papers in order to get progress in this project.

`gmork`: Referee report came back with a few major comments but mostly a list of trivial corrections.
The student leading this submitted her thesis last week so this is not a high priority this week.

`Teaching`:
- I have not heard from the Y4 students and I am not involved with the grading of them.
- We have had vivas for the Y3 students this week (Tuesday and Thursday afternoons).
I have read their 100-page report once in order to get decent and fair questions for them. 
I need to finish my grading of the individual contributions to the report and we will wrap up the course on the 14th.

`Postdoc rep`:
- I invited people for the next jamboree.
- I had the first postdoc coffee which `failed'. We were only three (and all from the same group).
I think I should have sent more emails if I wanted a higher turnout.
I think the next informal event should be an 'after-work' version -> maybe a drink at Bratby instead?

`admin`:
- I did not do much on my long list of admin stuff this week.

`Other`:
- I helped my co-worker on her high priority task most of Wednesday morning. 
- I attended a seminar on pulsars Wednesday afternoon.

`Things I should think about strengthen`:
- I feel like the estimates I send to other people (e.g. in `eagleescape`) have been dishonest and too optimistic.
- I think I need to be better at time estimating tasks. 

---

### Key things
- My student reached the milestone of `finished first draft sent to co-authors'.
They are happy and relieved and I am happy to have helped make the process more smooth and easier for them. 
- I have helped two other people in multi-hour sessions this week with their high-priority tasks.
- I have held exams for 16 students.
- I finished the roadblock for getting the key observables that I needed.

### Challenges for next week
- I want to quality check the observables archieved using `cookiejam` and PBjam.
- I want to write more and do more on my high-priority project next week.
- In two weeks we will have a workshop that partly involves BASTA. I want to do some (fun) work on BASTA prior to then.
- I want to do a bit more PLATO work before the telecon Friday next week.
- I need to give my final marks for the Y3 students before our meeting next Monday.
