---
title: "Week 11 -- Twenty Minute Summary Post"
date: 2025-03-14
category: twentyminsum
layout: blog
---
# Week 11
This week has been an interesting week with a lot of small things.
There has been a good number of side quests, but progress has been made.

A recommendation from Owen: https://youtu.be/bSCxZGROMxg?si=unm7IL4Epdr8gH3r

---
## Summary
`Project asterism`: I finished emu tests and moved on to hares and hounds.
They pass the tests with flying colours.

I am now working on an overview of the observed sample.
We discussed the possibility of delegating some of the work and getting help with the next phase of the project.
I'll give it some more thought over the weekend and make a case for it on Monday.

`PLATO`: I got some progress done, but I am not done done. As I want to be done done by Tuesday morning, this is my primary focus Sunday and Monday.

`Teaching`:
- I am teaching Tuesday and Thursday afternoon. Thursday this week the students had their seminar.
- I supervised ~1 hour Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday. 
- I bought "Helping Doctoral Students Write: Pedagogies for supervision" by Prof. Pat Thomson and Prof. Barbara Kamler. I intend to read and do some self-study this weekend.

`Postdoc rep`:
- I booked rooms for upcoming events.
- I wrote drafts of invitation emails, but I did not send them. 

`Admin`:
- I planned upcoming travel. 

---

### Key things
- I did some nice things this week. However, I need to have my science in focus and keep progressing.

### Challenges for next week
- I have an important overview meeting Tuesday morning. Therefore I want to be done with my modules before then.
- I want to improve my skill as a supervisor this week.
- I need to plan a workshop that will delegate some work and teach my how to better use PBJam.
- 
